Update backend-coding.md with things i keep saying (#12249)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/conventions/backend-coding.md

* PII (Personal Identifiable Information)

### Testing

* All new packages and most new significant functionality should come with unit tests
* Significant features should come with integration and/or end-to-end tests
* Analytics-related queries should be covered by snapshot tests for ease of reviewing
* For pytest use the `assert x == y` instead of the `self.assertEqual(x, y)` format of tests
    * it's recommended in the pytest docs
    * and you get better output when the test fails

> * prefer assertions like `assert ['x', 'y'] == response.json()["results"]` over `assert len(response.json()["results"]) == 2`
>     * you'll have a happier time when the test fails 

Author: ```suggestion
* prefer assertions like `assert ['x', 'y'] == response.json()["results"]` over `assert len(response.json()["results"]) == 2`
    * that's because you want test output to give you the information you need to fix a failure
    * and because you want your assertions to be as concrete as possible it shouldn't be possible to break the code and the test pass
```

>     * you'll have a happier time when the test fails 

Reviewer: yeah, better :+1:

#### Fast developer ("unit") tests

A good test should:

* focus on a single use-case at a time
* have a minimal set of assertions per test
* explain itself well
* help you understand the system

> * make good use of parameterized testing to show behavior with a range of inputs

Reviewer 2: We should also add this one to our LLM-related rules. I find myself deleting a lot of repetition that could've been parameterized tests.

Author: I updated CLAUDE.md today to try and fix this - it annoys me too

    * you'll have a happier time when the test fails 

#### Fast developer ("unit") tests

A good test should:

* focus on a single use-case at a time
* have a minimal set of assertions per test
* explain itself well
* help you understand the system
* make good use of parameterized testing to show behavior with a range of inputs
* help us have confidence that the impossible is unrepresentable
* help us have confidence that the system will work as expected

#### Integration tests

* Integration tests should ensure that the feature works in the running system
* They give greater confidence (because you avoid the mistake of just testing a mock) but they're slower
* They are generally less brittle in response to changes because they test at a higher level than developer tests (e.g. they test a Django API not a class used inside it)

### To ee or not to ee?

We default to open but when adding a new feature we should consider if it should be MIT licensed or Enterprise edition licensed. Everything in the `ee` folder is covered by [a different license](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/blob/master/ee/LICENSE). It's easy to move things from `ee` to open, but not the other way.

> All the open source code is copied to [the posthog-foss repo](https://github.com/posthog/posthog-foss) with the `ee` code stripped out.  You need to consider whether your code will work if imports to `ee` are unavailable

Reviewer 2: Marvelous cast in bits now.
